git-clone: update page (#10315)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-clone.md

> Clone an existing repository.
> More information: <https://git-scm.com/docs/git-clone>.

> - Clone an existing repository into a specific directory:
> 
> `git clone {{remote_repository_location}} {{path/to/directory}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clone an existing repository into a new directory (the default directory is the repository name):

`git clone {{remote_repository_location}} {{path/to/directory}}`
```

> Clone an existing repository.
> More information: <https://git-scm.com/docs/git-clone>.

- Clone an existing repository into a new directory (the default directory is the repository name):

`git clone {{remote_repository_location}} {{path/to/directory}}`

- Clone an existing repository and its submodules:

`git clone --recursive {{remote_repository_location}}`

> - Clone `.git` directory of an existing repository only:
> 
> `git clone --no-checkout {{remote_repository_location}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clone only the `.git` directory of an existing repository:

`git clone --no-checkout {{remote_repository_location}}`
```
